{"_id":{"$oid":"688caf0ddc360dc468eef3fa"},"Speaker1":"Hello. Hello, my name is Erhan and I'd like to apply for your automations job. I have five years experience in this field and I'd like to extend my history of company. and that's the end of this video. Thank you. And I tend to close here and here agents and everybody specialized in front end development. Okay, but it is not possible for us to offer you multiple jobs so you have to select only one.","Speaker2":"Thank you for applying. We are very interested in this. Thank you for applying. We are very interested in this. So what are your skills?","Speaker3":"Thanks for watching. Bye. Yes, as I said, I am both interested in the automation job as well as the front-end job. Yes, as I said, I am both interested in the automation job as well as the front-end job.","Meet_id":"ixk-oydr-uvu","Suggested_Questions":"Thank you for clarifying your interest in both roles. To help us understand your qualifications, could you now detail your specific skills, tools, and experiences that are most relevant to the Automation job, and then separately, those relevant to the Front-End Development job?\n\nGiven that we can only move forward with one application at this time, which of these two positions (Automation or Front-End Development) do you feel is the best fit for your skills and career aspirations, and why?\n\nEarlier in your introduction, you mentioned 'I'd like to extend my history of company' and 'I tend to close here and here agents'. Could you elaborate on what you meant by those statements?","Summary":"The candidate, Erhan, introduced himself and expressed interest in an 'automations job,' stating five years of experience in this field.\n\nHe also mentioned interest in a 'front-end development' role, indicating a desire to be considered for both positions.\n\nHe reiterated his interest in both the automation and front-end jobs, despite the interviewer stating that only one job can be offered.\n\nThe candidate has not yet provided specific details about his skills in response to the employer's direct question."}